hi friends and welcome to my world of
flat picking and mandoline picking what
I'm gonna do here is try to quickly
illustrate and demonstrate my single
song lesson downloads you can choose
from hundreds of lessons written at the
beginner level intermediate an advanced
level for both mandolin and guitar if
you don't see the song that you are
looking for online lists and send me an
email at Steve at flat pick calm
when you order a lesson you'll pay for
it online you'll get an email receipt in
that receipt you will see the title of
your song in blue which is a hyperlink
you click on that hyperlink it takes you
back to the site where it's gonna ask
you if you want to download the song or
open it go ahead and download it then
when you download it you click it open
you'll find an mp4 video of the complete
lesson everything is explained slow
clear and then you'll also have a PDF of
the written material for the song in
notes tab so let's go ahead and take a
look at a few of these
that was a great lesson let's go ahead
and look at another one eighth notes
alternate down up down up one and two
and down up down up all the hand beats
are up swings so when you see this go by
if your right hand is not correct you
will never get it to that speed okay so
you have to go down now these are just
little snips of lessons the lessons
themselves are usually 8 to 12 minutes
long I recorded one yesterday that's 17
minutes I just play it and work it out
with you in mind at the level of which
I'm trying to teach this until we're
done with a lesson so if it's if it's a
quick one it's quick if it's a long one
that's longer don't worry about the time
worry about the content and you know me
and you know my teaching style you know
I can drive the point across so go ahead
and download some of these lessons and
see what you think about it then I know
you'll come back for more let's look at
one more snip of a lesson and then we'll
play it on out
wasn't that something go ahead and
download you lessons today you're gonna
have a blast with it let me know of any
titles that you want to see up on the
list
write me it's Steve that flat pick and
that's Fla T Pik dot-com and I'll go
ahead and try to get it on board for you
alright
see you in the listen room single song
lesson downloads that's the way to go
you